are you clearing a path for me
yeah thank you all right I'm
coming through work on this
piece here in the Blue Ridge
Mountains taming there one acre
hillside property by hand is a
non-stop project for Tony and
Amelia
boom shakalaka boom shakalaka
was the last time you tried
using the pack think maybe I can
use the billhook because i think
it works a lot better for this
it does work better but the
music
so you know we have this one
billhook and Tony doesn't like
to share it because the billhook
is the best tool for cutting
this wood thought maybe we could
take turns
take the kind of dumb actually I
mean hatchets have their place
is just nothing compared to a
billhook bell hooks are one of
the oldest metal tools
it's just an all around good
tool to have
let me use it for a little while
whoa i just cut this thing off
in one swipe any one thing I'm
never using that tool again
I just got to try using the
billhook it is such a better
tool and I really want to build
hook up my own
I really think you can get him
really hard to find because
they're an antique and we have
to have someone make us our
neighbor Chris does metalwork
like straight-up legitimate
blacksmithing know you want to
bees
so you think you make us a
billhook he want to be we want
to build hook smell a deal
no one too let's bundle this up
and get over there go talk to
Chris ok if we make one for me I
want it to be called a Betty
hook